Added OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.Runtime metrics to built in metrics (#3133)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Features

> - Added OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.Runtime to built in metrics ([#3133](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3133))

Reviewer: Can we make that more.. spicy/explicit? What is it users will now get OOTB?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SDK now automatically collects metrics coming from `OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.Runtime` ([#3133](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3133))
```
Something like that?

Author: It's [these guys here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib/blob/Instrumentation.Runtime-1.7.0/src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.Process/README.md#metrics)... although you do have to do this as well (so it only works if they've configured OpenTelemetry to collect/emit these metrics in the first place):
https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/blob/88729d097dee078c4100bef203112258e4fd9a16/samples/Sentry.Samples.OpenTelemetry.AspNetCore/Program.cs#L17
